=pod

=for :stopwords Mark Gardner GSI Commerce cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt
cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::RequiresExternal - make dists require external commands

=head1 VERSION

version 1.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [RequiresExternal]
    requires = /path/to/some/executable
    requires = executable_in_path

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Dist::Zilla|Dist::Zilla> plugin creates a test in your distribution
to check for the existence of executable commands you require.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 requires

Each C<requires> attribute should be either an absolute path to an executable
or the name of a command in the user's C<PATH> environment.  Multiple
C<requires> lines are allowed.

Example from a F<dist.ini> file:

    [RequiresExternal]
    requires = sqlplus
    requires = /usr/bin/java

This will require the program C<sqlplus> to be available somewhere in the
user's C<PATH> and the program C<java> specifically in F</usr/bin>.

=head2 fatal

Boolean value to determine if a failed test will immediately stop testing.
It also causes the test name to change to F<t/000-requires_external.t> so that
it runs earlier.
Defaults to false.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 gather_files

Adds a F<t/requires_external.t> test script to your distribution that checks
if each L</requires> item is executable.

=head2 metadata

Using this plugin will add L<Test::Most|Test::Most> and L<Env::Path|Env::Path>
to your distribution's testing prerequisites since the generated script uses
those modules.

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module was indirectly inspired by
L<Module::Install::External's requires_external_bin|Module::Install::External/requires_external_bin>
command.

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Perldoc

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

  perldoc Dist::Zilla::Plugin::RequiresExternal

=head2 Websites

The following websites have more information about this module, and may be of help to you. As always,
in addition to those websites please use your favorite search engine to discover more resources.

=over 4

=item *

Search CPAN

The default CPAN search engine, useful to view POD in HTML format.

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

AnnoCPAN

The AnnoCPAN is a website that allows community annonations of Perl module documentation.

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

CPAN Ratings

The CPAN Ratings is a website that allows community ratings and reviews of Perl modules.

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

CPANTS

The CPANTS is a website that analyzes the Kwalitee ( code metrics ) of a distribution.

L<http://cpants.perl.org/dist/overview/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

CPAN Testers

The CPAN Testers is a network of smokers who run automated tests on uploaded CPAN distributions.

L<http://www.cpantesters.org/distro/D/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

CPAN Testers Matrix

The CPAN Testers Matrix is a website that provides a visual way to determine what Perls/platforms PASSed for a distribution.

L<http://matrix.cpantesters.org/?dist=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

=item *

CPAN Testers Dependencies

The CPAN Testers Dependencies is a website that shows a chart of the test results of all dependencies for a distribution.

L<http://deps.cpantesters.org/?module=Dist::Zilla::Plugin::RequiresExternal>

=back

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the web
interface at L<https://github.com/mjgardner/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal/issues>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

The code is open to the world, and available for you to hack on. Please feel free to browse it and play
with it, or whatever. If you want to contribute patches, please send me a diff or prod me to pull
from your repository :)

L<https://github.com/mjgardner/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal>

  git clone git://github.com/mjgardner/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-RequiresExternal.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Mark Gardner <mjgardner@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by GSI Commerce.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

